Add Slurm sattach info (#1941)
rcgsheffield/sheffield_hpc: hpc/scheduler/index.rst

                                     e.g. ``--cpus-per-task``. 
==================================== =======================================================================

.. _sattach_interactive_bessemer:

Rejoining an interactive job
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> If we lose connection to an interactive job, we can use the ``sattach`` command which attaches to a running Slurm job step.

Reviewer: Change "we" to "you" for consistency

> Just keep in mind that ``sattach`` doesn't work for external or batch steps, as their input and output channels aren't 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Just keep in mind that ``sattach`` doesn't work for external or batch steps, as they aren't 
```

                                     e.g. ``--cpus-per-task``. 
==================================== =======================================================================

.. _sattach_interactive_stanage:

Rejoining an interactive job
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> If we lose connection to an interactive job, we can use the ``sattach`` command which attaches to a running Slurm job step.

Reviewer: Change "we" to "you" for consistency

> Just keep in mind that ``sattach`` doesn't work for external or batch steps, as their input and output channels aren't 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Just keep in mind that ``sattach`` doesn't work for external or batch steps, as they aren't 
```
